[terra-application-name] Update wdio tests to fix failing tests in themes (#1421)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-application-name/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Changed

>   * Updated `waitForDisplayed` to `waitForExist` to fix failing tests in themes.

Reviewer: I believe this issue was occurring only in clinical theme. so the log can be updated as below.

```suggestion
  * Updated `waitForDisplayed` to `waitForExist` to fix failing tests in cerner clinical theme.
```
